            Search and Replace Regular Expression Wizard
                       Funduc Software, Inc.
              Copyright 1999-2004, All Rights Reserved
                       http://www.funduc.com

This program is intended as an add-on to Search and Replace.  It
allows you to visually see how regular expression searches are
processed and which parts of the match are found by each expression.
You can build expressions using our user interface, without knowing
the regular expression syntax in detail.  Replace expressions can
also be built visually and the results can be previewed.

Page 1 - Sample Text
The Search Expression and Replace Expression fields do not need to be
filled in.  After the first use, they will be filled in either with
the last expressions used or with expressions from a running copy of
Search and Replace.  Case sensitive applies to the search expression.
You can either type in sample data into the edit box provided, Paste
text from the clipboard using the button provided or Load text from
a file using the button provided.  The text will be used to search 
through and show the results in subsequent screens.
When you filled in at least the Sample Text field, click Next to 
continue.

Page 2 - Search Expression
The Sample Text field will show Search hits when the expression can
produce at least one hit.  Items shown in blue relate to the curent
row selected in the Expression list.  The rest of the hit is shown
in red.  The colors are consistent with the colors configured in 
Search and Replace's options.
The Expressions list shows the current subexpressions that comprise
the search expression.  By clicking on each expression, the controls
on the right will show in plain language what each expression does.
By the same token, the controls on the right can be used to specify
a new rule for the match or modify the existing one and then either
Add, Insert or Apply the changes to the selected item.

Page 3 - Replace Expression
The Replaced Text field shows the changes in the original sample text.
The color coding and general operation of this screen are similar
to the previous screen.  The Expression Type list contains the 
correct number of items that can be found based on the 
Search Expression built on the previous screen.

Page 4 - Evaluation
This screen shows the Search and Replace results next to each other.
You can review previews and next hits (if any).  When you review
a different hit, you can go back (using the Back buttons) and
see how each subexpression is matched and/or modify your parameters.
When you click the Finish button, if a copy of Search and Replace is
running, the search and replace strings are updated there before
exiting.  If not, the strings are simply saved for the next time
you run the program.

We hope this program will help you understand how to use the power
of regular expressions and to make better use of Search and Replace!
As always, we welcome any feedback (send it to support@funduc.com).
  
Thank you,

Mike Funduc
Funduc Software Inc.
http://www.funduc.com
support@funduc.com

Other Funduc Software utilities can be found at our web site
(http://www.funduc.com), the Simtel file archives 
(http://www.simtel.com) or America On Line. 
Our shareware and freeware products include:

Search and Replace for Windows (shareware) 
==========================================

Search and Replace looks through multiple files for a string and can
also replace it with another string.  It can search subdirectories
and ZIP files and do case sensitive or insensitive searches.
Extensive support for regular expression (egrep) search &
replacement includes operations that span more than one line,
insertion of the path & filename during replacements, and
incrementing number replacements. Binary search & replace mode can
be combined with regular expressions.  Precise control over
replacements is available through multiple confirmation options and
a built-in context viewer that allows you to view replacements in-
context, before they are made. An HTML Mode can be used to make html
special character code substitutions during search/replace. Ignore
Whitespace mode makes it convenient to handle spaces & cr-lf during
non-regular expression operations. A built-in script editor makes
frequent &/or complex multi-step search/replace operations easy to
prepare.  Advanced script operations include a boolean expression
evaluator that provides additional control over which files are
processed by the script. Advanced scripts also allow you to specify
the program options in effect, insert comments in scripts, and
perform iterative script operations. Multiple file masks and file
date & size filters can be used to include &/or exclude files during
regular and scripted operations. The internal context viewer
includes a build-in editor for editing text files. The full
complement of command line switches (including script launching) is
ideal for network managers & advanced users. Other functions
include: "Touch" files (change time/date stamp & file attributes);
Preservation of original file date during replacements; Replacements
on backup path files instead of the originals; Output reports to
monitor operations; Shell extensions to launch Search & Replace from
Explorer and the Find Menu; and more. All the latest functions are
available in a 32-bit version that runs under Windows 95/98/NT and
Windows 2000. A 16-bit version for Windows 3.1x is available. A
detailed help file with examples are included. Several foreign
language interface are available from http://www.funduc.com. Cost:
$25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Directory Toolkit (shareware) 
=============================

A multipurpose directory comparison and file manager that provides
features missing from Windows 95/98 and Windows NT 4.0 or higher. It
displays single directory lists or side- by-side directory
comparisons using color coding for alike, different, or missing
files.  Comparisons can be based on dates or a binary file analysis
of file content.  You can copy, move, & rename files while retaining
long filenames and six built-in synchronize functions simplify
updating directories. Built-in archive functions, with Explorer
shell extensions, let you create & manage archives from Explorer and
use Directory Toolkit as your primary archive manager for supported
archives (zip, tar, gz, lz (read only), & cab).  File operations and
directory comparison functions work seamlessly on files in archives,
e.g., no need to manually extract files first. Other features
include statistics for file counts and path sizes; Ignoring filename
case during comparisons; Explorer compatible OLE drag n Drop;
Split/Concatenate files to/from diskettes; Encode/Decode UENCODE,
Base64(Mime), BinHex(Mac), and XXENCODE formats (Decode also
includes quoted-printable, 7 bit unencoded, & plain text); An
integrated comparison viewer for a color coded display of the actual
differences in files; Safe physical sort of directories; Touch files
(change time/date & attributes stamps); Find duplicate files on a
drive; Open files and launch applications; Multiple include/exclude
file masks and the ability to include/exclude files based on size
and date; Command line switches & script functions to automate
comparisons & synchronize operations & control program options in
effect via batch files; Configurable output file and print functions
to create reports of single and comparison directory lists; Detects
& runs (optionally) setup programs in archives; Display file version
information including 8.3 file name equivalents; File numbering to
number files sequentially based on adjustable sort order and a user
defined starting value.  Help file with examples included.
International versions are available from http://www.funduc.com.
Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Funduc Software ZIP Extractor (freeware) 
========================================

A ZIP "self-extractor stub" that lets you turn your ZIP files into a
self-extracting executable that will automatically unZIP the archive
when launched. This allows you to share your zip files with another
person who might not have an unzip software on their computer &/or
who might have only occasional use for an unzip tool. The self-
extractor allows some or all files to be extracted, create the paths
in the zip file (default) or "flatten" the directory structure
(unzip into a single path), or extract some (or all) of the files in
the zip. Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Registry Toolkit (shareware)
============================

Registry Toolkit is a utility for advanced computer users that
performs search &/or replacement operations on the Windows
95/98/NT/2000 registry. You can search/replace using simple or
regular expressions in registry data, values, keys (or any
combination) and specify the types of data to process. Searches can
also be case sensitive/insensitive settings & whole word only. You
can browse the registry & select the starting point for a
search/replace. If you cancel a search the results up to that point
(if any) are displayed in a tree list. A print (w/ preview) function
lets you print the display. Replaces can be previewed in advance of
an actual replace operation. Replace confirmations can be turned
off. Data can be exported to a .reg file and the import function has
a configurable comparison preview to show alike, different, & new
information in advance of the actual import. You can also manually
create and edit keys, values, & data of all types, delete keys &
values (after confirmation), and undo the last changes made.
Registry Toolkit will operate on a remote registry (if you have
permission to do so). Scripts and command line switches are
available for frequent, complex, or automated operations. You can
also do copy/move/delete/export operations on specific data/values.
A german interface is available. Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Folder Synchronize
==================

Folder Synchronize is a command-line utility useful to network
administrators and other power users.  It provides a subset of the
functions in our Directory Toolkit utility, namely, the comparison &
synchronize functions.  We created Folder Synchronize for those who
needed those functions but not the GUI interface & other functions
of Directory Toolkit such as archive management, file operations,
etc. Folder Synchronize is a native 32-bit executable for use with
Windows 95/98/NT/2000.

Folder Synchronize can synchronize two paths using one of 6 synch
methods. The program can also do a comparison-only. This is useful
with the output report function. When the output report is enabled
it will contain a summary of the path comparison &/or a summary of
the file operations carried out by the synchronize. Other features
include: Switchable display (or not) of a progress meter; A custom
bitmap & message of your choice can be displayed on the screen while
an operation progresses; A 'No Cancel' switch can be used to make it
less easy for a procedure to be interrupted; Require (or not)
confirmation of file operations; Complex include/exclude file masks
that let you include/exclude some file or subdirectores while
including others; Multiple operations can be submitted to the
program via multiple 'configuration files'. Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

File Merge Express (shareware)
==============================

File Merge Express is a file comparison and merge utility for
Windows 95/98/NT and Windows 2000. The program displays a contents
comparison of two files and can (optionally) create a third file
consisting of the merge of the two files being compared. That third
file can (optionally) be opened in the built-in text (or binary)
editor. Multiple configurations choices are available for the file
contents comparison and the merge file contents including:
difference prefixes, display colors, whether or not to include
common sections, etc. Command line switch and a script syntax are
available for your automated routines. The program also includes a
Windows Explorer extension that allows you to launch a comparison
from Windows Explorer. Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------


Shortcut Doctor (shareware)
===========================

Shortcut Doctor allows you to check your Win 95/98/NT/2000
links/shortcuts and see which contain targets which can no longer be
found. The program can then delete the shortcuts, resolve them, or
carry out search/replace operations to modify shortcut fields with
or without validation of new paths. Network Drive mappings can be
inserted in the Replace dialog automatically. Individual shortcuts
can be edited and all shortcuts on a drive can be displayed,
regardless of whether they are valid or not. Explorer Internet URLS
can also be checked for problems. CD-ROM drives, network drives, and
specific paths can be ignored during processing. Includes an Empty
Recent Documents button. Script files, run from the command line,
allow you to do multiple operations, control program options, and
easily specify complex paths. A german interface is available.
Cost: $15.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Funduc Explorer Extensions (shareware)
======================================

Funduc Explorer Extensions is a collection of enhancements for the
Windows 95/98/NT/2000 Explorer right-click context menu: a) Encode
and Decode Email attachments - support for UUENCODE, Base64(Mime),
BinHex(Mac), XXENCODE, quoted-printable, 7 bit unencoded, & plain
text, b) Split and Concatenate large files into smaller ones for
storage on floppies & visa versa. Split can be based on file size or
a string found in a file, c) Touch files - change the time, date, &
attributes of files. Touch can add (or subtract) a user specified
time value from the current file time. d) File Operations -
copy/move/rename/delete files using complex file masks. The program
can also change case of file names & number files. A german version
is also available. Cost: $15.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Drive Bar (shareware)
=====================

Drive Bar allows you to conveniently open views of your drives in
Windows Explorer. Drive Bar's Auto Hide function allows it to
disappear from view when not in use so that it does not take up
screen space when not in use. You can resize Drive Bar and have it
remain visible at all times if you like. You can also specify a File
Manager program to use instead of Windows Explorer, launch drive
views as "Tiled" or not, not include specified drives in the list of
drive icons, and have Drive Bar run automatically at Windows startup
(see Options). Cost: $10.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Sort and Slice (shareware)
==========================

Sort and Slice allows easy sorting and/or reformatting of Column
Delimited files via a wizard. The program can skip header lines, use
regular expression search/replace modify data, remove repeat lines
from files, pad fields & change alignment, and sort on multiple
fields ascending/descending. The column delimiter can be specified.
The columns to be output can be changed &/or reordered. Sorts are
constructed via a step-by-step interface that allows the user to
determine (and modify) processing parameters. Unlike command line
sort utilities, confusing command line instructions are not needed.
The program includes a script function & can be launched from the
command line for frequent &/or automated operations. Cost: $25.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Delivery Agent (shareware)
==========================

Delivery Agent is a send-only email program with mail merge
functions that is intended for web site managers, administrators,
customer relations and support personnel, etc. It allows easy
delivery of frequently used, customer-requested email messages (&
MIME attachments) such as newsletters, product upgrade
announcements, support notes, etc. Bulk deliveries can be sent via a
list of addresses (recipient addresses shielded). The program will
check a POP email account prior to sending message via SMTP for
servers that 'validate' the users current IP address prior to
allowing mail relays. The program can issue user-specified headers -
useful for sending 'html mail' messages. Command line parameters
allow you to specify message to send, addresses, or program settings
to use. This allows the program to be incorporated into your
scripted routines. A log file of deliveries can be enabled (or not).
Cost: $25.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Patch Creator (shareware)
=========================

Created for software authors, this is a two part program that is
used to make patches for updating registered versions software. Both
the Patch Creator (used on the developer's end) and the Patch
Applicator (which is what applies the patch on the end user's
machine) are easy to use GUI programs. Command line switches or
complicated run instructions are not necessary on the user's end.
The creator is a Win 95/98/NT utility. It can create either 16 or 32
bit patches that are self-contained in a single GUI .EXE. You can
require passwords to run the Applicator (or not). Patches can be
created to update files on users' machines from a specific version,
add files regardless of existing version, remove files, or rename
files. Patches that conduct 'updates' are based on binary
differences between old vs. new files. Compression can be used to
further reduce the size of the patch. Patches for multiple versions
can be include in a single patch file. Patches can be configured to
use a registry value on the end user's machine for setup path
information and the applicator can also write a .reg file to the
user's registry upon completion. In addition, patches can be set up
to halt operations if specified files(s) are not found on the end
user's machine. This can be used, for example, to not patch any
files if a critical file you specify is not present. The Patch
Creator has a script language for saving complex patch setups and it
can be run from the command line for use in automated routines. A
German version is also available. Cost: $75.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Decode/Encode DLLs (shareware)
==============================

Also a tool for software developers, the Decode/Encode DLLs can be
called from any Windows programming language (such as VB, Visual C,
Powerbuilder, etc.). It allows you to automatically detect if a
given file is UUENCODED, Base64(MIME), XXENCODED, BinHex, encoded
with a user-supplied table, quoted-printable, or plain text. The DLL
can then decode the file(s) either in the current directory or in
one specified by the user. Binary files can also be encoded for
transmission over the Internet. Example code and a model test
program is included. Cost: $58 (no royalties).

----------------------------------------------------------------------

HexView for Windows 95/NT (freeware)
====================================

HexView allows you to view, print, print preview of any file as a
Hex Dump. HexView is intended as a free companion program to our
utility, Search and Replace. However, it is a standalone application
and you are free to use it as you see fit.  The source code (C++
using MFC 4.x or higher) can be downloaded for free from
http://www.funduc.com. A Japanese version is available.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

INI to Registry (freeware)
==========================

This program works well with any program that relies on .ini files.
It can read the contents of any INI file and load them into the
Windows 95/NT registry.  That way programs which previously used INI
files can read the old data from the registry.  The program is free.
The source code is available for $25. Please E-MAIL mime@funduc.com
for information on purchasing the source code.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Decode Shell Extension (freeware)
=================================

This very popular freeware app is an extension for the Windows
95/98/NT/2000 Explorer. The program allows you to decode Internet
email attachments by right-clicking on a saved message file from
Explorer and selecting Decode from the menu. The program supports
multiple attachments, multi-part files (already concatenated),
UUENCODED, Base64(MIME), BinHex (Mac format), quoted-printable,
XXENCODED, plain text files, and User (table) encoded files. If the
attachment contains only one file, Decode Shell Extension will offer
to open it using either the associated program or Notepad. For virus
safety reasons, it will not offer to launch .exe., .com, .bat, &
.cmd files. You should scan decoded Word and Excel files with your
anti-virus checker before loading them. Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

TZAdjust (freeware)
===================

TZAdjust, which stands for Time Zone Adjust, is a freeware app we
created for users who find it necessary to make manual changes to
the time zone and 'day light savings' offset parameters for their
Windows 95/98/NT/2000 computers. TZAdjust is probably of greatest
interest to Windows NT/2000 users. NT/2000 returns time information
as an offset from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). In addition, the OS
automatically makes Daylight Savings compensations when reporting
file times. One can disable "Automatically Adjust for Daylight
Savings" entirely in the Windows Day/Time Properties dialog but
there may be other instances where finer control over time zone and
the daylight offset is desired. Do not use TZAdjust casually. Be
sure to read the information in the 'readme.txt' before using this
program. Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Count Characters (freeware)
===========================

This little app was written to: a) Allow users to dump the contents
of combo, edit and list boxes as well as static and button fields to
the clipboard.  This can come in handy for browser lists, as well as
items displayed by other applications to which you otherwise have no
access.  b) To help users understand how applications are built
(what types of controls are used). Other tools are available for
this of course but they are usually known only to programmers.  c)
To allow users to know at any time how many characters they have
typed in an edit box.  This might be useful, for example, if a site
asks you to only enter a certain amount of data in their fields but
don't tell you that you went over until it's too late. Depending on
the editor, html authors might also find this handy for double
checking the length of meta tags. The contents of password edit
fields can be displayed in readable form - useful for if you forgot
a password you just created. Separate Win3x & Win 95/98/NT versions
included. Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Limit Edit (freeware)
=====================

Expands upon the built-in limit feature for edit boxes and rich edit
controls by letting you set your own maximum size settings for the
amount of text permitted in edit boxes and rich edit controls.  For
example, you could use Limit Edit to set a limit on the amount of
text allowed in an instance of the Notepad text editor.  Separate
Win3x & Win 95/98/NT versions included. Cost: Free.


Custom programming and consulting services are also available.
Please write us at info@funduc.com for inquiries and personalized
arrangements.