                Product List Funduc Software, Inc.
             Copyright 1995-2010, All Rights Reserved
     http://www.funduc.com   http://www.searchandreplace.com
       support@funduc.com      support@searchandreplace.com


Please visit our web site at http://www.funduc.com for more
information, freeware, shareware, and purchases of these and other
products.

Shareware reviewers and shareware distributors may distribute the
shareware and freeware versions of Funduc Software products on any
CD-ROMs or other distribution media without asking for specific
permission.  We only request that you use the most recent versions
available when you prepare your distribution media. The latest
versions are available from our web sites at http://www.funduc.com
and http://www.searchandreplace.com. 

You may not sell the shareware or freeware versions as 'for sale'
products. You may not charge a special premium for any Funduc
Software product that is unique from the ordinary distribution
fees for your entire distribution.

Funduc Software warrants that our products are free from any third
party ownership claims. 

You must distribute the entire shareware or freeware package for
any given product. The "entire package" consist of all files
installed by our executable installers or all files contained in
the archived .zip versions of our shareware and freeware programs
as downloaded our web sites at http://www.funduc.com and
http://www.searchandreplace.com.

Custom programming and consulting services are also available.
Please write us at support@funduc.com for inquiries and personalized
arrangements.

Funduc Software utilities that can be found at our web site
(http://www.funduc.com) and other locations such as WUGNET's
(Windows User Group Network) or the Simtel file archives
(http://www.simtel.com):


Search and Replace (shareware) 
==============================

Search and Replace looks through multiple files for a string and
can also replace it with another string.  It can search
subdirectories and ZIP files and do case sensitive or insensitive
searches. Extensive support for regular expression (egrep) search
& replacement includes operations that span more than one line,
insertion of the path & filename during replacements, and
incrementing number replacements. Binary search & replace mode can
be combined with regular expressions.  Precise control over
replacements is available through multiple confirmation options
and a built-in context viewer that allows you to view replacements
in- context, before they are made. An HTML Mode can be used to
make html special character code substitutions during
search/replace. Ignore Whitespace mode makes it convenient to
handle spaces & cr-lf during non-regular expression operations. A
built-in script editor makes frequent &/or complex multi-step
search/replace operations easy to prepare.  Advanced script
operations include a boolean expression evaluator that provides
additional control over which files are processed by the script.
Advanced scripts also allow you to specify the program options in
effect, insert comments in scripts, and perform iterative script
operations. Multiple file masks and file date & size filters can
be used to include &/or exclude files during regular and scripted
operations. The internal context viewer includes a build-in editor
for editing text files. The full complement of command line
switches (including script launching) is ideal for network
managers & advanced users. Other functions include: "Touch" files
(change time/date stamp & file attributes); Preservation of
original file date during replacements; Replacements on backup
path files instead of the originals; Output reports to monitor
operations; Shell extensions to launch Search & Replace from
Explorer and the Find Menu; and more. All the latest functions are
available both 32-bit and 64-bit (x64) versions that run under
Windows 2000 and above.  A detailed help file with examples are
included. Several foreign language interface are available from
http://www.funduc.com. Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Replace Studio (shareware) 
==============================

Replace Studio is a cousin to our award winning Search and Replace
utility. Replace Studio searches through one or more files for a
string and can replace that string with another string. Choices
for search settings include: Subdirectory Search; Archive Search
(Zip, Tar, Tar.Gz, Tar.Z, Tgz, Taz); Case Sensitive; Whole Word;
Ignore Whitespace; HTML Mode. File Masks and file size &/or date
Filter settings are available for further choices about the files
to be processed. Like Search and Replace, Replace Studio has
extensive regular expression (egrep) search & replacement
functionality for complex search/replaces. A Favorites menu and
script editor simplifies user control over frequent &/or complex
multi-step search/replace operations. Replacements in files in
supported archives can be done directly - no need to manually
extract files first. A built-in Context Viewer allows you to view
&/or manually edit the files found by the search. The many
additional options include: Preservation of original file date
during replacements; Replacements on backup path files instead of
the originals; Output reporting; Control over results list
sorting; File Operations on files found by the search; Launch
Explorer on the search results path of a file; Settings to use
alternative viewer/editor on found files; Automatic locale-based
international versions for supported languages; and more. Replace
Studio comes in 32-bit and 64-bit versions for Windows XP and
above. Two flavors are available: Pro and Business. The Pro
version is intended for use as a graphical interface program while
the Business version is oriented towards script-based & command
line use, where a graphical interface is not required. Cost: $30
(Pro) & $40 (Business).

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Search and Replace Regular Expression Wizard (freeware) 
=======================================================

The "Wizard" allows you to construct &/or modify regular
expressions for use in our Search and Replace utility. The program
can be used to help you learn the syntax or debug complex
expressions involving many operators. You can visualize the effect
of each of operator in a sample text pasted into the Wizard from
the clipboard or retrieved from disk. Operator effects are
presented in-context, using colors to distinguish the current term
from other parts of the overall expression. When you are
satisfied, the final expressions can (optionally) be inserted the
respective Search and Replace fields. Cost: Freeware - Program F1
hlp available for $11 or free with a Search and Replace license
renewal.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

FSDBMgr (freeware/open source)
==============================

FSDBMgr is an open source, freeware Database Manager for SQLite
databases. We created FSDBMrg for internal use and have made the
source code available under GNU Lesser General Public License
(LGPL). A working compiled sample and sample database are
available. The source can be modified and compiled using free
resources. Functions in the demo version & sample code include:
Built-in queries & code to find customers, examine & modify their
purchase history, add purchases, etc; Import new records &
purchases from an external text file; Generate PDF purchase
receipts; Create a menu of custom queries; Track sales tax
information. Can be cstomized to any use database format for which
an ADO.NET provider is available.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Resource Translation Toolkit (RTT) (Shareware)
==============================================

Resource Translation Toolkit (RTT) is utility to simply
translation work on po, rc, and tmx files. Various translation
suites are available but they are expensive or limited to a single
file type. Resource Translation Toolkit is low cost and can work
with multiple file types. The program runs on Windows 2000 and
above, is small in size (approx 3 MB including support files), and
does not place extensive demands on your computer. Resource
Translation Toolkit is for software authors, translators, and
technical users.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Directory Toolkit (shareware) 
=============================

A multipurpose directory comparison and file manager for Windows
2000 and above (32-bit or 64-bit) that provides features missing
from Windows. It displays single directory lists or side- by-side
directory comparisons using color coding for alike, different, or
missing files.  Comparisons can be based on dates or a binary file
analysis of file content.  You can copy, move, & rename files
while retaining long filenames and six built- in synchronize
functions simplify updating directories. Built-in archive
functions, with Explorer shell extensions, let you create & manage
archives from Explorer and use Directory Toolkit as your primary
archive manager for supported archives (zip, tar, gz, lz (read
only), & cab).  File operations and directory comparison functions
work seamlessly on files in archives, e.g., no need to manually
extract files first. Other features include statistics for file
counts and path sizes; Ignoring filename case during comparisons;
Explorer compatible OLE drag n Drop; Split/Concatenate files
to/from diskettes; Encode/Decode UENCODE, Base64(Mime),
BinHex(Mac), and XXENCODE formats (Decode also includes quoted-
printable, 7 bit unencoded, & plain text); An integrated
comparison viewer for a color coded display of the actual
differences in files; Safe physical sort of directories; Touch
files (change time/date & attributes stamps); Find duplicate files
on a drive; Open files and launch applications; Multiple
include/exclude file masks and the ability to include/exclude
files based on size and date; Command line switches & script
functions to automate comparisons & synchronize operations &
control program options in effect via batch files; Configurable
output file and print functions to create reports of single and
comparison directory lists; Detects & runs (optionally) setup
programs in archives; Display file version information including
8.3 file name equivalents; File numbering to number files
sequentially based on adjustable sort order and a user defined
starting value.  Help file with examples included. International
versions are available from http://www.funduc.com. Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Funduc Software ZIP Extractor (freeware) 
========================================

A ZIP "self-extractor stub" that lets you turn your ZIP files into a
self-extracting executable that will automatically unZIP the archive
when launched. This allows you to share your zip files with another
person who might not have an unzip software on their computer &/or
who might have only occasional use for an unzip tool. The self-
extractor allows some or all files to be extracted, create the paths
in the zip file (default) or "flatten" the directory structure
(unzip into a single path), or extract some (or all) of the files in
the zip. Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Registry Toolkit (shareware)
============================

Registry Toolkit lets you search &/or replace and edit the Windows
registry.  You can specify the data types to process, start key,
case sensitive, whole word.  Regular expression operations using
an egrep-type syntax are also available.  You can create/edit
keys, values, &/or data manually if you wish.  A unique
'operations' function lets you move/copy/delete/export values you
select.  For example, you can copy/move keys from one location in
the registry to another.  The program keeps multiple 'undo' files
that can be used to reverse previous changes (10 is the default).
An automatic 'last change' undo is available from the program GUI.
Replaces can be previewed in advance, in- context.  Replaces can
also be previewed in the context of an overall search - a
comparison dialog then lets you select/deselect specific
operations to perform before making the overall replace. The
program can print search & registry browse results.  The .reg
import function allows you to compare existing data vs data to be
imported - specific items can then be selected/deselected.  The
.reg export function can be used to make special .reg files that
delete keys when merged via Registry Toolkit or our new RTMerge
program (see our web site). The various program comparison dialogs
are configurable and their contents can be copied to the windows
clipboard.  The program can read DOS environment variables and use
them in a search/replace. Script file & command line functions are
available for automated &/or complex operations.  Registry Toolkit
will operate on a remote registry (if you have permission to do
so).  The program is for Windows 2000 and above (32-bit or 64-
bit).  A German interface is available. Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

RTMerge (shareware/freeware)
============================
                
Registry Merge is a command line utility that merges .reg files
into the Windows registry. While this can be accomplished using
regedit.exe, RTMerge has two added features: 1) The program can
serve as a 'stub file' to automatically apply a .reg as an .exe.
The .exe is prepared in advance. End users can then apply the .reg
simply by clicking on the .exe. 2) The program can apply .reg
files that delete keys. This is something not easily accomplished
via regedit. See the program readme.txt for usage instructions.
Cost: $11 or free to registered users of our Registry Toolkit.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Folder Synchronize (shareware)
==============================

Folder Synchronize is a command-line utility useful to network
administrators and other power users.  It provides a subset of the
functions in our Directory Toolkit utility, namely, the comparison
& synchronize functions.  We created Folder Synchronize for those
who needed those functions but not the GUI interface & other
functions of Directory Toolkit such as archive management, file
operations, etc. Folder Synchronize is a native 32-bit Windows
executable.

Folder Synchronize can synchronize two paths using one of 6 synch
methods. The program can also do a comparison-only. This is useful
with the output report function. When the output report is enabled
it will contain a summary of the path comparison &/or a summary of
the file operations carried out by the synchronize. Other features
include: Switchable display (or not) of a progress meter; A custom
bitmap & message of your choice can be displayed on the screen while
an operation progresses; A 'No Cancel' switch can be used to make it
less easy for a procedure to be interrupted; Require (or not)
confirmation of file operations; Complex include/exclude file masks
that let you include/exclude some file or subdirectories while
including others; Multiple operations can be submitted to the
program via multiple 'configuration files'. Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Folder Synchronize Script Editor (currently freeware)
=====================================================

The 'Script Editor' is used to generate (or edit) script files
that can then be used with Folder Synchronize or our Directory
Toolkit utility. The script switches are presented in an organized
arrangement. The display of related switches can be
collapsed/expanded for readability. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

File Merge Express (shareware)
==============================

File Merge Express is a file comparison and merge utility for 32
bit Windows. The program displays a contents comparison of two
files and can (optionally) create a third file consisting of the
merge of the two files being compared. That third file can
(optionally) be opened in the built-in text (or binary) editor.
Multiple configurations choices are available for the file
contents comparison and the merge file contents including:
difference prefixes, display colors, whether or not to include
common sections, etc. Command line switch and a script syntax are
available for your automated routines. The program also includes a
Windows Explorer extension that allows you to launch a comparison
from Windows Explorer. Cost: $25

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Application Mover (shareware)
=============================

Application Mover is a tool that relocates installed programs from
one path to another on your hard disk. Application Mover takes
files found in the path you specify and moves them to a new path
that you specify. Application Mover scans the windows registry for
references to files located in the 'Current' field and changes
those references to the New path. Application Mover also scans all
windows shortcuts in the Start Menu and adjusts path references to
the new program location. Finally, *.ini and Install.log files
present in the original program path are checked for strings
matching the old path location. If found, these strings are
changed to the new location. Confirmation dialogs are available.
If a file is 'busy' and cannot be changed to the new location, a
reboot prompt is offered. Pending changes are then completed after
the reboot. Cost: $15

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Application Inventory (shareware)
=================================

Application Inventory is a utility that scans your system for
program .exe files and generates a configurable report about the
files that were located. Optional follow-up scans are then
initiated automatically to cross reference the initial scan
results with windows .lnk shortcuts and/or references in the
windows registry.  Further details on files are available from
Properties and References dialogs.  Include and exclude filters
are available to define the initial search by path &/or string(s)
found in file version information. The fields included in the
initial file scan are configurable.  Results be sorted, copied to
the clipboard, printed, or saved in a delimited file you specify.
Application Inventory can also launch windows explorer on the path
containing a file in the results list. Although Application
Inventory is intended as a reporting tool, various windows
properties sheets can be launched that allow you to make edits to
file or shortcut properties. The program defaults to scanning for
.exe files but a special switch is available to scan for another
file type that you specify. Cost: $15

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Duplicate File Finder (shareware)
=================================

Duplicate File Finder is a tool that locates duplicate files on in
one or more paths.  Unlike other utilities that only check file
names, Duplicate File Finder performs a binary comparison of file
contents and can locate files that are alike regardless of names.
The scan can be defined by path, file mask(s), and (optionally)
with complex filters for size/date/attribute.  Results can be
copied to the windows clipboard or saved to a tab delimited file.
Functions to delete files, launch Windows Explorer, and show file
properties are available.  You can also launch a file in the
results list by double clicking. Cost: $15

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Shortcut Doctor (shareware)
===========================

Shortcut Doctor allows you to check your Windows links/shortcuts
and see which contain targets which can no longer be found. The
program can then delete the shortcuts, resolve them, or carry out
search/replace operations to modify shortcut fields with or
without validation of new paths. Network Drive mappings can be
inserted in the Replace dialog automatically. Individual shortcuts
can be edited and all shortcuts on a drive can be displayed,
regardless of whether they are valid or not. Explorer Internet
URLS can also be checked for problems. CD-ROM drives, network
drives, and specific paths can be ignored during processing.
Includes an Empty Recent Documents button. Script files, run from
the command line, allow you to do multiple operations, control
program options, and easily specify complex paths. A German
interface is available. Cost: $15.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Funduc Explorer Extensions (shareware)
======================================

Funduc Explorer Extensions is a collection of enhancements for the
Windows Explorer right-click context menu: a) Encode and Decode
Email attachments - support for UUENCODE, Base64(Mime),
BinHex(Mac), XXENCODE, quoted-printable, 7 bit unencoded, & plain
text, b) Split and Concatenate large files into smaller ones for
storage on floppies & visa versa. Split can be based on file size
or a string found in a file, c) Touch files - change the time,
date, & attributes of files. Touch can add (or subtract) a user
specified time value from the current file time. d) File
Operations - copy/move/rename/delete files using complex file
masks. The program can also change case of file names & number
files. A German version is also available. Cost: $15.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Drive Bar (shareware)
=====================

Drive Bar allows you to conveniently open views of your drives in
Windows Explorer. Drive Bar's Auto Hide function allows it to
disappear from view when not in use so that it does not take up
screen space when not in use. You can resize Drive Bar and have it
remain visible at all times if you like. You can also specify a File
Manager program to use instead of Windows Explorer, launch drive
views as "Tiled" or not, not include specified drives in the list of
drive icons, and have Drive Bar run automatically at Windows startup
(see Options). Cost: $10.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Update Toolkit (shareware)
==========================

Update Toolkit is command line utility that provides 4 
functions within a single application:
- Moving/copying files
- Changing and checking Windows shortcuts
- Searching and changing the Windows Registry
- Searching and changing text files

Update Toolkit is oriented towards administrators who need to
perform these operations on multiple workstations. The program is
launched with a single command line. Because no graphical user
interface is involved, no special steps are required to disable a
program GUI when routines are run on individual workstations.
Progress meters and confirmations are available if you like but
these can be easily disabled. Unlike some other 'program mover'
type applications that give little control over the steps to be
taken, Update Toolkit allows you to specify all aspects of
operation. Furthermore, you can use any combination of the areas
of functioning. For example, you can use the file
copy/more/compare functions and not the other three. Or you can
modify shortcuts and examine the registry but do nothing with the
file or text search/replace functions.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Funduc Software Code Format (freeware)
======================================

Funduc Software Code Format (FS Code Format) is a source code
reformatter or beautifier for use by programmers. FS Code Format
has GUI options to determine handling of spacing, tabs, line breaks,
indentation, and comments. Backup choices include writing numbered
backup files in the original path or output to a different path.

Subdirectories can be processed or not via a toolbar button. The
program defaults to processing 
*.c;*.cpp;*.cxx;*.h;*.hpp;*.hxx;*.java;*.inc files but that can be
changed as needed. Multiple File Masks should be separated using
the ; character.

Portions of FS Code Format are based on the GC GreatCode project,
which is released under the Open Source Initiative (OSI)
(http://www.openresource.org/). The GC GreatCode project home is
at http://sourceforge.net/projects/gcgreatcode/. Note that the GC
GreatCode version provides a command line interface where FS Code
Format does not.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

FS Touch (freeware)
===================

Funduc Software Touch is a utility to change time/date & attribute
stamps on one or more files. Files to operate on can be refined by
complex file masks that allow you to include some files but
exclude others in a path. The program also has a function to
add/subtract a specified number of seconds from the current file
time. The program can be run interactively from the graphical
interface or the command line.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Count Characters (freeware)
===========================

Copy most Windows controls' data to the clipboard!  That's just
one of the features of this freeware program from Funduc Software.
The program can report the type and content of some of the windows
currently displayed on your desktop and for the most popular types
of controls (including lists and trees) it can copy their contents
to the clipboard.  You can also copy the contents of password
fields and regular text boxes. Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

DupBlock (freeware)
===================

DupBlock is a freeware utility that generates blocks of text based
on a template and variables you specify.  The user enters a
default text block and defines the variables. Variables can be
printf- style counters or list variables.  Output can be sent to
the windows clipboard or a file, append mode or not.  An example
use of DupBlock is generating a scripts for one of Funduc
Software's other utilities that uses script files for automated
tasks. Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

FSHED - Funduc Software Hex Edit (freeware)
===========================================

FSHED - Funduc Software Hex Editor - a freeware hex editor we made
for users of our Search and Replace, Replace Studio Pro & Replace
Studio Business Edition grep utilities who needed a hex
editor/viewer for use when search-replacing binary files. FSHED is
not intended to be a full featured programmers hex editor. But if
you need a lightweight editor that is free, you are welcome to use
it.

FSHED features include: Multi-file editing; File Insert; Revert;
Bookmarks; Clipboard Paste choices; Block Selection;
Search/Replace; Read only switch; Print Preview; Display Choices
(Bytes per line, Offset length, ANSI/OEM, Little-Endian/Big-
Endian, Font Size, Screen Colors, & more); Command Line Switches
(offset at offset & selection length); & more.

FSHED is available in separate 32-bit & 64-bit versions. The
program runs Windows XP and above, including Vista and Windows 7.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

HexView for Windows (freeware)
==============================

HexView is one of our legacy apps. This free hex viewer allows you
to view, print, print preview of any file as a Hex Dump. HexView
was intended as a free companion program to our utility, Search
and Replace. We are encouraging customers to use FSHED instead
because of the added features in FSHED. HexView is a standalone
application and you are free to use it as you see fit.  The source
code (C++ using MFC 4.x or higher) can be downloaded for free from
http://www.funduc.com. A Japanese version is available.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

DBComp (Freeware)
==================

DBComp is a database comparison and merge application. The program
performs two basic tasks: 1) The Compare Data Sources function
compare two OBDC data sources for alike vs. different records and
generate a Difference File that lists the records that either do
not match or have been added/deleted from one data source compared
to the other. 2) The Merge function examines a Difference File
generated by DBComp and updates the specified data source via SQL
statements. You can view the SQL statements in advance and remove
one (or more) in advance if you wish. DBComp can be used to update
remote data sources when it is impractical or inefficient to
distribute an entire copy of the database to the remote location.
The program can also be used to examine a data source against an
archived (older) copy for the purposes of debugging or historical
examination. Cost: Free

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Decode Shell Extension (freeware)
=================================

This very popular freeware app is an extension for Windows
Explorer. The program allows you to decode Internet email
attachments by right-clicking on a saved message file from
Explorer and selecting Decode from the menu. The program supports
multiple attachments, multi-part files (already concatenated),
UUENCODED, Base64(MIME), BinHex (Mac format), quoted-printable,
XXENCODED, plain text files, and User (table) encoded files. If
the attachment contains only one file, Decode Shell Extension will
offer to open it using either the associated program or Notepad.
For virus safety reasons, it will not offer to launch .exe., .com,
.bat, & .cmd files. You should scan decoded Word and Excel files
with your anti-virus checker before loading them. Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Word Search and Replace (freeware)
===================================

Word Search and Replace is a freeware Word macro for Microsoft
Word that can search (and replace) in multiple files you specify
using Microsoft Word's build-in 'find and replace' functioning.
The macro has switched for subdirectory search, 'Pattern
Matching', Case Sensitive, and Whole Word. Cost: Free

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Excel Search and Replace (freeware)
===================================

A counterpart to our Word Search and Replace, this is a freeware
macro for Microsoft Excel that searches (and replaces) in multiple
.xls files using Excel's built-in find & replace function. Cost: Free

----------------------------------------------------------------------

PowerPoint Search and Replace (freeware)
=======================================

PowerPoint Search and Replace rounds out our collection of
freeware find and replace Office Macros. This macro is a
PowerPoint .ppt file that works with MS PowerPoint files using the
find and replace functions that are part of PowerPoint. You need
to have the full version of PowerPoint installed. The macro can be
run as a slide show but it will not work if you only have the
PowerPoint Show Viewer from Microsoft. Cost: Free

----------------------------------------------------------------------


TZAdjust (freeware)
===================

TZAdjust, which stands for Time Zone Adjust, is a freeware app we
created for users who find it necessary to make manual changes to
the Windows time zone and 'day light savings' offset parameters.
TZAdjust is probably of greatest interest to Windows NT-class
users. NT/2000/XP returns time information as an offset from
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). In addition, the OS automatically makes
Daylight Savings compensations when reporting file times. One can
disable "Automatically Adjust for Daylight Savings" entirely in
the Windows Day/Time Properties dialog but there may be other
instances where finer control over time zone and the daylight
offset is desired. Do not use TZAdjust casually. Be sure to read
the information in the 'readme.txt' before using this program.
Cost: Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Limit Edit (freeware)
=====================

Expands upon the built-in limit feature for edit boxes and rich
edit controls by letting you set your own maximum size settings
for the amount of text permitted in edit boxes and rich edit
controls.  For example, you could use Limit Edit to set a limit on
the amount of text allowed in an instance of the Notepad text
editor. Separate 16 and 32 bit Windows versions included. Cost:
Free.

----------------------------------------------------------------------


Delivery Agent (shareware)
==========================

Delivery Agent is a send-only e-mail program, with mail merge
functions, for use by web site managers, network administrators,
customer relations and support personnel, etc.  The program is
used to deliver frequently used, customer-requested e-mail
messages (& MIME attachments) such as newsletters, product
delivery & announcements, support notes, etc.  Messages can be
sent to one or more users by selecting a message from a list and
entering the users' address.  The program can read a text file
containing a list of addresses for bulk delivery.  Recipients of
bulk deliveries are shielded from seeing the other recipients in
the list.  The program checks a POP e-mail account prior to
sending message via SMTP - useful for servers that 'validate' the
users current IP address prior to mail relays.  Version 3.0 adds
MAPI support.  When activated, the program will route outgoing
messages to your primary MAPI-aware e-mail program.  Mail merge
field name definitions, variable names, and data are stored in a
single file containing the data and e-mail addresses.  Variable
names can be anything you like (except for the name of the e-mail
address field). Mail Merge 'Constants' can also be defined.  The
program has a customizable header function that can be used to
send web mail' or 'HTML mail'.  The "To: " field can also be
customized for bulk, non- mail merge deliveries.  Port settings to
use and maximum number of recipients per block can be configured
manually.  Settings and messages can be created via the program
GUI or, once you are familiar with the program, via an external
text editor.  A full complement of command line switches allows
the program to be incorporated into your .bat routines.  A log
file of deliveries can be enabled (or not).  Cost: $25.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
