Search and Replace for Windows
Copyright (c) 1995-2010 by Funduc Software Inc.
All rights reserved.
www.funduc.com     www.searchandreplace.com


LICENSE AGREEMENT AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions
before using this software. Use of this software indicates your
acceptance of these terms and conditions.  If you do not agree
with them, do not use the software.


SHAREWARE VERSION LICENSE

The Shareware Version is not free software.  If you are using the
Shareware Version you are hereby licensed to use this software for
evaluation purposes without charge for a period of 30 days.  If
you use this software after the 30 day evaluation period a
registration fee is due (see Ordering Information).

If you are using the Shareware Version of the software you are
also hereby licensed to: Make as many copies of the Shareware
version of this software and documentation as you wish; Give exact
copies of the original Shareware version to anyone; Distribute the
Shareware version of the software and documentation in its
unmodified form via electronic means.  There is no charge for any
of the above.

Unregistered use of Search and Replace for Windows after the 30
day evaluation period is in violation of federal copyright laws.

You may not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or modify
any version of Search and Replace for Windows (shareware) in any
manner.


REGISTERED VERSION LICENSE

One registered copy of Search and Replace for Windows may be
dedicated to a single person who uses the software on one or more
computers or workstations that are for their own exclusive use and
for which they are the sole user.

A single user license may be used to process as many files on as
many drives or network shares as you like.  However, a single user
license registration may not be made available in any form to
multiple users or workstations.  Furthermore, a single user
license may not be used for workstation modification or update
purposes, including, but not limited to, changing configuration
files, lnk files, bat files, cmd files on multiple workstations.
A single use license specifically may not be used as part of a
scripted logon routine.

Licensing is not based on "concurrent" users.  If multiple
workstations are to access the program in any form and for any
length of time you must purchase licenses for the number of users
that will access the program.  If you make the registered version
of Search and Replace for Windows available through a network and
accessible by multiple users or workstations you are required to
purchase licenses for the software covering all workstations that
will access the software through the network.  Special pricing is
available for multiple licenses.  See Ordering Information for
information on how to purchase (register).

Customer support can be obtained by visiting our homepage at
http://www.funduc.com or by E-MAIL (support@funduc.com).


WORKSTATION UPDATE AND/OR SPECIAL USE LICENSE

Special licensing (and pricing) is available if the usage is for
the purpose workstation modifications or updating, including, but
not limited to, pushing changes to workstation configuration
files, lnk files, bat files, cmd files.  The purchase of a special
use license allows you to use the program to update the number of
workstations for which you purchased special use licenses for via
automated routines such as logon scripts.  Unless otherwise noted
at the time of your purchase, a workstation update/special use
license specifically does not allow individual workstation users
to access the program for interactive use.  Do not create desktop
shortcuts or launchers that allow workstation users to access the
program outside of the specific update routine for which you
purchased the special use license.

Please contact sales@funduc.com if you have a special use request
involving multiple workstations that will access the program for
workstation updating or modification routines.


OWNERSHIP RIGHTS

Funduc Software, Inc. owns and retains all copyrights, patents,
trade secret rights, trademarks and intellectual property rights
to this software. Registration &/or use of the software does not
grant you any right to the intellectual property in the product.


CUSTOMER SUPPORT

Customer support can be obtained by visiting our home page at
www.funduc.com or by email at support@funduc.com.


RESTRICTIONS

You are prohibited by law from selling, renting, leasing, loaning,
or donating the program or documentation in whole or in part
without specific advance agreement between yourself and Funduc
Software, Inc.  You are prohibited by law from redistributing the
registered version of the program by any method or in any form
except to the specific individuals for whom the software was
purchased.  You are prohibited from decompiling, reverse
engineering, disassembling, or otherwise reducing the program to
human readable form for any purposes whatsoever.  You may not
modify the program or documentation in any manner.  You are
prohibited from permitting anyone else from undertaking any of the
above actions.

You may not decompile, disassemble, modify, or reverse engineer
Search and Replace (registered or shareware) in any manner.


GOVERNING LAW

This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Michigan.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

This software and the accompanying files are sold "as is" and
without warranties as to performance of merchantability or any
other warranties whether expressed or implied.  In particular,
there is no warranty for the string Replacing feature.

Good data processing procedure dictates that any program be
thoroughly tested with non-critical data before relying on it.
The user must assume the entire risk of using the program. Any
liability of the seller will be limited exclusively to product
replacement or refund of purchase price.
